GitHub Pages: Adding note to remove default DNS records (#36157)
github/docs: content/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site.md

      2606:50c0:8003::153
      ```

> [!NOTE]

> > If your DNS provider automatically sets a default record, be sure to remove it before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your DNS provider automatically sets a default record, remove it before continuing.
```

> > If your DNS provider automatically set a default record for your domain, be sure to remove it before continuing.

Author: ```suggestion
> If your DNS provider automatically sets a default record, be sure to remove it before continuing.
```
